api/clbuildprogram: fail
api/clcompileprogram: skip
api/clenqueuefillbuffer: skip
api/clenqueuefillimage: skip
api/clenqueuemigratememobjects: skip
api/clgetextensionfunctionaddressforplatform: skip
api/clgetimageinfo: skip
api/clgetkernelarginfo: skip
api/cllinkprogram: skip
api/clsetkernelarg/set kernel argument for cl_int3: fail
api/clsetkernelarg/set kernel argument for sampler: skip
interop/egl_khr_cl_event2: skip
program/build/include-directories: fail
program/build/printf: skip
program/check predefined preprocessor macros/__opencl_c_version__ must be consistent with host (if defined): skip
program/check predefined preprocessor macros/__opencl_c_version__ must be defined for opencl 1.2 and later: skip
program/check predefined preprocessor macros/cl_version_1_2 must be defined for opencl 1.2 and later: skip
program/check predefined preprocessor macros/cl_version_2_0 must be defined for opencl 2.0 and later: skip
program/execute/amdgcn-callee-saved-registers: skip
program/execute/amdgcn-f16-inline-immediates: skip
program/execute/amdgcn-f32-inline-immediates/add integer 64: fail
program/execute/amdgcn-i16-inline-immediates: skip
program/execute/amdgcn-mubuf-negative-vaddr: crash
program/execute/amdgcn.sign_extend_inreg: crash
program/execute/atomic_int64_add-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_add-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_add-local: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_and-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_and-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_and-local: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_cmpxchg-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_cmpxchg-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_cmpxchg-local: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_dec-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_dec-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_dec-local: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_inc-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_inc-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_inc-local: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_max-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_max-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_max-local: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_min-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_min-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_min-local: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_or-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_or-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_or-local: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_sub-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_sub-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_sub-local: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_xchg-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_xchg-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_xchg-local: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_xor-global: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_xor-global-return: skip
program/execute/atomic_int64_xor-local: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-abs-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-abs_diff-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-add_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-clamp-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-clz-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-hadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-mad_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-mad_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-max-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-min-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-mul_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-popcount-1.2.generated: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-rhadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-rotate-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-sub_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-char-upsample-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-acos-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-acosh-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-acospi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-asin-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-asinh-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-asinpi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-atan-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-atan2-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-atan2pi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-atanh-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-atanpi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-cbrt-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-ceil-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-clamp-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-copysign-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-cos-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-cosh-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-cospi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-degrees-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-erf-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-erfc-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-exp-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-exp10-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-exp2-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-expm1-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-fabs-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-fdim-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-floor-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-fma-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-fmax-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-fmin-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-fmod-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-fract-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-frexp-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-hypot-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-ilogb-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isequal-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isfinite-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isgreater-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isgreaterequal-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isinf-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isless-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-islessequal-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-islessgreater-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isnan-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isnormal-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isnotequal-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isordered-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-isunordered-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-ldexp-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-lgamma-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-lgamma_r-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-log-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-log10-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-log1p-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-log2-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-logb-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-mad-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-max-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-maxmag-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-min-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-minmag-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-mix-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-modf-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-nextafter-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-pow-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-pown-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-powr-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-radians-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-remainder-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-remquo-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-rint-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-rootn-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-round-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-rsqrt-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-sign-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-signbit-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-sin-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-sincos-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-sinh-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-sinpi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-smoothstep-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-sqrt-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-step-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-tan-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-tanh-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-tanpi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-tgamma-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-float-trunc-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-abs-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-abs_diff-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-add_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-clamp-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-clz-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-hadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-mad24-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-mad_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-mad_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-max-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-min-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-mul24-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-mul_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-popcount-1.2.generated: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-rhadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-rotate-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-sub_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-int-upsample-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-abs-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-abs_diff-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-add_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-clamp-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-clz-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-hadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-mad_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-mad_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-max-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-min-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-mul_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-popcount-1.2.generated: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-rhadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-rotate-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-long-sub_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-abs-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-abs_diff-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-add_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-clamp-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-clz-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-hadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-mad_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-mad_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-max-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-min-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-mul_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-popcount-1.2.generated: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-rhadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-rotate-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-sub_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-short-upsample-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-char-uchar: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-double-ulong: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-float-uint: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-half-ushort: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-int-uint: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-long-ulong: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-short-ushort: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-uchar-uchar: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-uint-uint: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-ulong-ulong: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle-ushort-ushort: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-char-uchar: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-double-ulong: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-float-uint: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-half-ushort: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-int-uint: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-long-ulong: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-short-ushort: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-uchar-uchar: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-uint-uint: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-ulong-ulong: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-shuffle2-ushort-ushort: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-abs-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-abs_diff-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-add_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-clamp-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-clz-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-hadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-mad_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-mad_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-max-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-min-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-mul_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-popcount-1.2.generated: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-rhadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-rotate-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-sub_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uchar-upsample-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-abs-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-abs_diff-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-add_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-clamp-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-clz-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-hadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-mad24-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-mad_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-mad_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-max-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-min-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-mul24-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-mul_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-popcount-1.2.generated: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-rhadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-rotate-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-sub_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-uint-upsample-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-abs-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-abs_diff-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-add_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-clamp-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-clz-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-hadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-mad_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-mad_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-max-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-min-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-mul_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-popcount-1.2.generated: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-rhadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-rotate-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ulong-sub_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-abs-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-abs_diff-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-add_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-clamp-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-clz-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-hadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-mad_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-mad_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-max-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-min-1.1.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-mul_hi-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-popcount-1.2.generated: skip
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-rhadd-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-rotate-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-sub_sat-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/builtin/builtin-ushort-upsample-1.0.generated: fail
program/execute/call-clobbers-amdgcn: skip
program/execute/calls: crash
program/execute/calls-large-struct: crash
program/execute/calls-struct: crash
program/execute/gegl-rgb-gamma-u8-to-ragabaf: crash
program/execute/global-offset/3d, input dependent: fail
program/execute/i32-stack-array: crash
program/execute/image-attributes: skip
program/execute/image-read-2d: skip
program/execute/image-write-2d: skip
program/execute/load-hi16: crash
program/execute/load-hi16-generic: skip
program/execute/load-lo16: crash
program/execute/load-lo16-generic: skip
program/execute/mad-mix: skip
program/execute/multiple-stack-objects: crash
program/execute/negative-private-base-pointer: crash
program/execute/program-tester-check-local-size-test-should-skip/this test should skip: skip
program/execute/pyrit-wpa-psk: crash
program/execute/realign-stack: crash
program/execute/reference: crash
program/execute/sampler: skip
program/execute/scalar-logical-float: skip
program/execute/store-hi16-generic: skip
program/execute/v2i32-stack: crash
program/execute/v3i32-stack: crash
program/execute/v3i32-stack-array: crash
program/execute/v4i32-stack: crash
program/execute/vload/vload-char-global: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-char-local: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-char-private: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-double-global: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-double-local: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-double-private: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-float-global: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-float-local: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-float-private: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-half-constant: skip
program/execute/vload/vload-half-global: skip
program/execute/vload/vload-half-local: skip
program/execute/vload/vload-half-private: skip
program/execute/vload/vload-int-global: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-int-local: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-int-private: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-long-global: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-long-local: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-long-private: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-short-global: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-short-local: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-short-private: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-uchar-global: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-uchar-local: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-uchar-private: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-uint-global: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-uint-local: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-uint-private: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-ulong-global: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-ulong-local: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-ulong-private: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-ushort-global: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-ushort-local: fail
program/execute/vload/vload-ushort-private: fail
program/execute/vload/vload_half-float-local: crash
program/execute/vload/vload_half-float-private: crash
program/execute/vload/vloada_half-float-private: crash
program/execute/vstore/vstore-char-global: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-char-local: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-char-private: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-double-global: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-double-local: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-double-private: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-float-global: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-float-local: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-float-private: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-half-global: skip
program/execute/vstore/vstore-half-local: skip
program/execute/vstore/vstore-half-private: skip
program/execute/vstore/vstore-int-global: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-int-local: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-int-private: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-long-global: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-long-local: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-long-private: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-short-global: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-short-local: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-short-private: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-uchar-global: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-uchar-local: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-uchar-private: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-uint-global: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-uint-local: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-uint-private: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-ulong-global: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-ulong-local: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-ulong-private: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-ushort-global: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-ushort-local: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore-ushort-private: fail
program/execute/vstore/vstore_half-double-global: crash
program/execute/vstore/vstore_half-double-local: crash
program/execute/vstore/vstore_half-double-private: crash
program/execute/vstore/vstore_half-float-private: crash
program/execute/vstore/vstorea_half-double-global: crash
program/execute/vstore/vstorea_half-double-local: crash
program/execute/vstore/vstorea_half-double-private: crash
program/execute/vstore/vstorea_half-float-private: crash
summary:
       name:  results
       ----  --------
       pass:     1418
       fail:      296
      crash:       29
       skip:       79
    timeout:        0
       warn:        0
 incomplete:        0
 dmesg-warn:        0
 dmesg-fail:        0
    changes:        0
      fixes:        0
regressions:        0
      total:     1822
